


Roles and Responsibilities of Academics :
1. Monitoring the academic progress of the departments.
2. Monitoring the functions of Class Advisor’s I & II, Test Coordinators, Assessment Coordinators.
3. Approving the Internal Assessment marks for all students in all classes of both UG & PG.
4. Monitoring the students’ on-line feedback.
5. Monitoring and controlling students discipline in the campus.
6. Monitoring the functions of deputy wardens and all other staff working in the Girl’s Hostel & Boys Hostel
7. Any other matter connected with students’ activities in the college as well as in the hostels.


Departments :
1. Collect lesson plans from teaching staff before the commencement of class work and ensure that the information provided
   is in accordance with the format.
2. Make sure that the time tables are prepared as per the guidelines given by the colleges and inform the faculty members
   and students at least one day before the commencement of the class work.
3. Interact with students (Section wise) of their branch 15 days once, identify the problems and find solutions in consultation
    with the Dean or Academic section.
4. Instruct the faculty members to set the question papers as per instructions from the academic section and to maintain
   the confidentiality and also to evaluate the scripts promptly to meet the dead line given by the academic. The evaluated answer
   sheets along with award sheet filled by the concerned faculty member have to be submitted to the exam section as
    per the schedule given.Softcopy of the Assignment Exams & Assignment test also to be submitted to the exam branch as per schedule.
5. Collect the student feedback about the faculty member’s subject wise (for all the subjects taught to the students of their branch)
   and communicate the feedback to the concerned faculty members in the standard format as decided by Dean. Communicate a copy to the dean.
   If any subject is handled by the other department faculty members, communicate one copy to the respective HOD. Guide the faculty members
   to improve their performance based on the feedback and also monitor whether the faculty members are improving from year/semester to
   year/semester.
6. Advise the class teachers to prepare Master registers meant for posting attendance and internal marks within one week after
   the commencement of class work for the semester/year.
7. Counsel the students who are absent for the mid test or irregular to the class work.
8. Inform the concerned authorities of any important information of events taking place in the Department from time to time.
9. Make arrangements to lock and seal all the laboratories before leaving the premises.
10. Any other matter connected with students’ activities in the college contact with Dean or academic section.


Faculty Responsibilities :
1. Plan, schedule, and organize, co-ordinate and monitor Lectures and Practical’s for the students assigned to you.
2. Complete the syllabi in the subjects assigned to you.
3. Prepare Lecture Plan/ Lecture Materials/ Course Material
4. Encourage students to participate in co-curricular and extra-curricular activities.
5. Guide the students in the performance of practical tasks and skill exercises and evaluate their performance,
 Advise and assist the students in their project works.
6. Any other responsibilities that may be assigned by the HOD.
7. To take all needful steps for Research and Development towards establishing a Centre of Excellence.
8. Any other matter connected with students activities in college discuss with HOD and try to find the solution.


Class Advisors :
1. Motivate the students to attend the seminars without fail.
2. Instruct the students to attend the internal / external exams without fail.
3. Any other matter connected with class students in college discuss with particular faculty or with HOD.




Roles and Responsibilities of Exam Section :
1. Ensures adherence to IIITDM kurnool policies .
2. Organizes and coordinates submission of Question papers of Mid Examinations well within time (as per the schedule).
3. Manages conduct of the Internal/External examinations. This will include ensuring that all required material is in the examination
   branch allocated room-wise before the start of the examinations and arrangements for candidates with special needs are in place
4. Organizes exam material, providing safe custody of and organizing examination stationery and material, including question papers,
   in accordance with regulations.
5. Organizes examination rooms/halls, in accordance with regulations (seating arrangement as per the norms).
6. Prepares examination schedules and timetables, wherever applicable. Distributes the same to faculty members and students of his / her
   department through the Head of the department. Resolves schedule conflicts, if any.
7. Assists in the preparation of invigilation schedule, arranging additional invigilator(s) under exigency, if any, briefing and training
   invigilators as per procedures
8. Ensures distribution of question papers to all examination halls within the time schedule.
9. Coordinates the printing, storage and delivery of examination question papers and answer books. Verifies to ensure all instructions
   have been followed by faculty members. Ensures all information is accurate. Ensures security measures are in place and maintained
   in the Examination Branch
10. Any other matter related to exams in college discuss with academic section or Dean.



Roles and responsibilities of Placement Cell :
1. Acts as a link between Students, Alumni and the Placements Cell.
2. Provides the list of students eligible for placements from time-to-time to the Placements Cell.
3. Keeps close contact with Placements Cell on daily basis for information and circulate the same to concerned students,
   HoD and others related in the matter.
4. Provides information with regard to the students going abroad for higher education to the Placements Cell from time-to-time
   so that Placements Cell can update its database that can be shared later with the junior students whenever a need arises.
5. Interacts with students of parent department with regard to any issues and bring the same to the notice of the Placements
   Cell in written form.
6. Attends all meetings called by Placements Cell and conveys the outcomes of such meetings to the concerned students, and HoD.
7. Facilitates printing the material provided for students (testing material, reading material, etc.) by Placements Cell.
8. Contacts alumni of the department and finding the various opportunities that may be available to students for internships,
   placements, etc.in the organization in which alumni is working.
9. Maintains database of the department’s alumni and sharing the same with the Placements Cell.
10. Any other matter related to placement cell discuss it with academic or Dean.



Roles & Responsibilities of Library Incharge :
1. To facilitate the students, faculty, and staff with all the literature that may be needed for their scholarly activities.
2. To manage library as well as digital library of the college.
3. To be continuously in touch with the students and faculty to understand/assess their needs of Books/Journals/Magazines/CDs etc.
   and apprise the Dean, Academics about the same for procurement
4. Develops a system for posting new additions online.
5. Provides all statistical information pertaining to the library.
6. Collect the information of books need to add in the library from students or faculty and Dean.
7. Any other matter related to library section discuss it with academic or Dean.

Roles & Responsibilities of Mess :
 1. Checking of quality and brands and see whether all are being used properly. Make sure that all students have to pay
    their mess fees on time.
 2. Health and hygiene  of the mess.
 3. Regarding checking of suggestion and complaint book and have interaction with mess manager regarding feedback.


CARRAM
NAME - Awdhesh Kumar
Phone -9987456767
Email -120cs0040@gmail.com


A enthusiastic player of carram
you can contact

happy and Enjoy


CLUB
NAME - Kumar Akashdeep
Phone -9987456767
Email -120cs0035@gmail.com


hostel
NAME - Jagdeesh KUMAR
Phone - 999999999
Email - 120cs0033@iiitk.ac.in

KABDDI
NAME - SHIVANSHU SINGH
Phone - 999999999
Email - 120cs0008@iiitk.ac.in

LIBRARY
NAME - ADARSH KUMAR
Phone - 999999999
Email - adarsh@lib.ac.in

MESS
NAME - JAGDEESH
Phone - 999999999
Email - 120cs0008@iiitk.ac.in

PLACEMENT
NAME - KRISHNAIK
Phone - 999999999
Email - NAIK@iiitk.ac.in

SCHOLARSHIP
NAME-RAVINDER KATTA
Phone-999999999
Email-ravindra@iiitk.ac.in

CRICKET
NAME-VINOD KUMAR
Phone-999999999
Email-120cs0008@iiitk.ac.in


